All right, so on this lecture will create a virtual mobile device using Gennie motion before connecting
the emulator to Calli with EDB.
Ready?
Let's get started.
Open Jenny motion.
And on the upper right hand corner, click on this button to create a virtual device.
And you can select one of the virtual devices from the list.
And I'll use default settings for my display and change Android version to Android 10, nine or eight.
Network Môn will be net network.
Click, install and wait for a bit.
All right, so it's installed, let's start her up.
And it starts.
So as you can see, a virtual machine for the virtual device has been created in virtual box.
However, we will start the virtual mobile device from Jenny Motion, not from here.
And it's running now so we can go to the settings of the device on Virtual Bong's.
Open network settings.
As you can see, two network adapters are defined for the virtual device, first one is hosted only.
The second one is Nat.
In virtual box, Nat and Nat network are different options.
To connect Kali and Android, virtual devices will need to create a net network and add these machines
to the same net network.
So open the preferences, a virtual box and go to the network setting.
Click the plus button on the right hand side to create a net network.
All right, so now let's go to the network settings of the Android virtual device.
Changed Nat to Nat network so you can follow the same steps for Carly and then add Carly to the same
NAT network.
So we'll go to a Web browser and check for Internet connectivity.
All right, that's no problem, so open a terminal screen and look at the connection of the virtual
device and the host machine with HDB.
So it was in the Platform Tools folder in Android Studios SDK folder, so we'll go to this location.
And yes, of course, it's here.
Now, to use HDB in the terminal, regardless of the directory you're in.
All you have to do is add EDB to the path.
So first will run the P.
WD command to copy this location.
Then run export path equals dollar sign path and folder path of the EDB.
And we'll also add this to the Basche profile, that is the personal initialization file for configuring
the user environment.
And now let's refresh the Basche profile with a source command.
And you can also restart your terminal.
Now, let's go back to the home folder or any folder.
And run, Adeeb.
All right, so it works great, let's run Adibi devices as our command to see the connected devices.
And it will show the virtual devices.
And you can also use the gentle motion shell to see the devices so open to any motion shall.
Run devices list.
All right, so this is the list of available devices and it comes in the form of a table, and here's
my device.
So the emulator connected to my host machine.
Now, let's connect it to Cali, so we'll go to Kelly, open a terminal screen type EDB devices.
And of course, there are no devices now, so we should connect it.
Copy this address.
Run ADB, connect and paste the address.
All right, so now it's connected.
Let's check with EDB devices.
All right, so see how that shows at my device has been attached.